README.md, before:

libamiibo
========
amiibo™ parsing library

Usage
=====
**libamiibo expects a binary dump. It will not work with XMLs or hexadecimal text files**.  See the unix program `xxd` to convert from hexadecimal to binary.

It offers support for encryption/decryption, figurine data, amiibo settings and AppData.

To parse a tag directly from a binary (encrypted) dump, use ```LibAmiibo.Data.AmiiboTag.FromNtagData()```.

When using an encrypted binary, the AmiiboSettings and AppData information will not contain any valid information.


Examples
--------

- Decrypting a NTAG215 dump "mario.bin" with the "retail.bin" keys:
Configure the paths for AmiiboKeys and CDNKeys in libamiibo.dll.config to direct to your key files.
```
byte[] encryptedNtagData = System.IO.File.ReadAllBytes("mario.bin");
LibAmiibo.Data.AmiiboTag amiiboTag = LibAmiibo.Data.AmiiboTag.DecryptWithKeys(encryptedNtagData);
```

- Parsing a NTAG215 dump "mario.bin" only for the non-encrypted information:
```
byte[] encryptedNtagData = System.IO.File.ReadAllBytes("mario.bin");
LibAmiibo.Data.AmiiboTag amiiboTag = LibAmiibo.Data.AmiiboTag.FromNtagData(encryptedNtagData);
```

Special Thanks
==============
- Lucas "MacGuffen" Romo for his great work with https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1WJ4HxS9hkLquq-ATt1Rq9mioH6RDgP3qQrtYVaOdimM
- N3vin and CheatFreak for their great work with https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19E7pMhKN6x583uB6bWVBeaTMyBPtEAC-Bk59Y6cfgxA
- The people over at 3dbrew.org for there work on http://3dbrew.org/wiki/Amiibo and http://3dbrew.org/wiki/Mii
- socram8888 for his great work on https://github.com/socram8888/amiitool
- John "LouieGeetoo" Pray for his great work with http://www.amiibo.life
- HouseBreaker for the CDN parts I borrowed from https://github.com/HouseBreaker/NintendoCDN-TicketParser
- https://code.google.com/archive/p/3dsexplorer/ for the image processing parts
- http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/31702/NET-Targa-Image-Reader for the TGA processing part

Commit message:

Moved libamiibo.images into own assembly

README.md, after:

libamiibo
========
amiibo™ parsing library

Usage
=====
**libamiibo expects a binary dump. It will not work with XMLs or hexadecimal text files**.  See the unix program `xxd` to convert from hexadecimal to binary.

It offers support for encryption/decryption, figurine data, amiibo settings and AppData.

To parse a tag directly from a binary (encrypted) dump, use ```LibAmiibo.Data.AmiiboTag.FromNtagData()```.

When using an encrypted binary, the AmiiboSettings and AppData information will not contain any valid information.

Examples
--------

- Decrypting a NTAG215 dump "mario.bin" with the "retail.bin" keys:
Configure the paths for AmiiboKeys and CDNKeys in libamiibo.dll.config to direct to your key files.
```
byte[] encryptedNtagData = System.IO.File.ReadAllBytes("mario.bin");
LibAmiibo.Data.AmiiboTag amiiboTag = LibAmiibo.Data.AmiiboTag.DecryptWithKeys(encryptedNtagData);
```

- Parsing a NTAG215 dump "mario.bin" only for the non-encrypted information:
```
byte[] encryptedNtagData = System.IO.File.ReadAllBytes("mario.bin");
LibAmiibo.Data.AmiiboTag amiiboTag = LibAmiibo.Data.AmiiboTag.FromNtagData(encryptedNtagData);
```

Notice
------
The library is split into two parts: libamiibo and libamiibo.images

You can use both independently:

- To only use the parsing logic, it's enough to include the small libamiibo.dll and it's dependency BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll in your project and reference libamiibo.dll
- To also include images for the amiibos (using `amiiboTag.Amiibo.AmiiboImage`), you need also include libamiibo.images.dll in your project. You don't need to reference it, just make sure the dll is copied

Special Thanks
==============
- Lucas "MacGuffen" Romo for his great work with https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1WJ4HxS9hkLquq-ATt1Rq9mioH6RDgP3qQrtYVaOdimM
- N3vin and CheatFreak for their great work with https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19E7pMhKN6x583uB6bWVBeaTMyBPtEAC-Bk59Y6cfgxA
- The people over at 3dbrew.org for there work on http://3dbrew.org/wiki/Amiibo and http://3dbrew.org/wiki/Mii
- socram8888 for his great work on https://github.com/socram8888/amiitool
- John "LouieGeetoo" Pray for his great work with http://www.amiibo.life
- HouseBreaker for the CDN parts I borrowed from https://github.com/HouseBreaker/NintendoCDN-TicketParser
- https://code.google.com/archive/p/3dsexplorer/ for the image processing parts
- http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/31702/NET-Targa-Image-Reader for the TGA processing part
